This project provided a deep insight into the capabilties of AI models at the edge, open source frameworks, and compact heterogeneous computing. New skills were learned like, understanding the packages and frameworks included in the Jetpack 6.1 download (tensorflow, pytorch, CUDA compatability) and the actual need for these frameworks and what operations they can perform at a high-level. As well as establishing communication between the camera and the Jetson Nano using predefined functions and open cv. Some pre-exisiting skills that I used would be: experience with ubuntu, open cv, AI inferencing as a concept, GPU programming, and the Python programming language. This project will certainly be a stepping to stone for future use as AI image inferencing is used in many industries like industrial automation and autonomous vehicles, with the understanding that utilizing the GPU has a positive effect on performance will be a great nowledge base for improvements of existing systems. Our project had many portions that went well, a few of which regarded our prior experience with open cv and AI model inferencing, this allowed the group to seemlessly create a main code that performed very well as our understanding of the technical solution to problems were high. One of the major challenges that was encountered was the framework setup, and ability to use CUDA in our program. These challenges were similar in nature, my contributions to the issue was to research possible alternatives to the framework, and with CUDA it was important to document each iteration to keep the workflow accurate. Ultimately these issues were both solved using a prebuilt package called "ultralytics" that allowed easy integration with the YOLO11n AI model. 
  
Knowledge Gaps noticed: - Background of what frameworks do and what they are used to accomplish
                        - Understanding of SD card preparations 
                        - Background on VScode extensions 

Additional skills for larger scale project: - How to interface an industrial camera o rmachine vision camera - More optimized GPU accleration techniques for this application - Ability for headless operation of Jetson or any method that makes the Jetson more capable from an implementation standpoint.


                        
